Are right here we go.
Let's make this final function that will return the optimal route from any starting location to any
ending location.
So to make a function in Python to start with def which means define then you need to give a name to
your function so you can call it either optimal route or simply route.
And then in parenthesis you will specify the inputs of that function.
So what I'm going to with the input.
Well for starters they are going to be starting location and ending location.
So these are just some names I'm giving to these two inputs.
But clearly means that storing location will be where in which location or other warehouse robot will
start its route and ending location will be of course the upper area location.
But then remember at the end of this first part will improve our tool giving us the optimal route and
we'll add the option to add an intermediary location so that the robot can actually go by the second
briery location before going to the temporary location.
And so we'll add this feature of course to optimize even more.
The warehouse looks but that will be a second step so far we'll just make a system that will return
the optimal route between the starting location and the ending location.
All right.
And that's all you need to do as a first step to define a function.
So what will this function do.
Well as we said it's going to return the list of the successive locations it has to go from the starting
location to the ending location.
And of course this list of success applications has to be the optimal route.
And therefore since in the end this function will return a list.
Well let's first initialize this list.
And so we're going to introduce this list by creating a new variable which we're going to call route
and that will initialize not as an empty list but of course as a list of one element.
And can you guess what this one element will be.
Well that's of course going to be the starting location.
Of course we don't have a choice of first location or route is obviously the starting location and then
we'll append to successive locations to lead our autonomous wherehouse robot to the ending to briery
location and to do this we'll use of course the q values by taking each time the maximum Q value on
the road corresponding to the location we are at a specific time.
All right.
Good.
We initialized our route.
That is our list which contains So far only the starting location.
And then we're going to populate this list with the locations we have to go through in order to reach
the ending location.
So the next step will be to obviously make a loop you know loop that at each iteration will find the
next location we have to go to.
Well following this optimal path leading to the ending location.
So now the question is which loop are we going to do.
Is it going to be a full loop or is it going to be a while loop.
Well the thing is that we actually don't know how many locations we will have to go through before reaching
that ending location.
And when we don't know exactly how many iterations there is going to be in the loop.
Well we don't have a choice but to do a weld up.
And that is why the next step now is to make this well loop that we'll find this next location that
we have to figure out right now until this next location is actually the ending location.
So you know we're going to find the next location iteration by iteration until we reach the final ending
location.
And so that's why the condition we have two inputs in the well loop here is just to say that well the
next location is different than the ending location.
Well we'll figure out where that next location is and once we reach the ending location that is once
next location is equal to ending location well that will be the end of the game.
We will have figured out the optimal route leading to that ending location but now.
Be careful next location doesn't exist yet.
We haven't introduced that variable and that most of the time what we have to do when starting well
loop.
So first before starting this well up here well let's introduce the next location of orbit.
But the thing is that right now we don't know what this next location is because that's what we will
compute in the well.
And therefore since we don't know where we have to go right now.
Well let's just stay where we are and therefore let's introduce next location as a starting location.
All right.
And then in this well loop we'll figure out what this next location is.
So let's start this well loop next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.